README.md, before:

# Selenium::Webdriver

Selenium Webdriver bindings for the Crystal programming language.


## Usage

Only the Remote driver is available, so you need to download the release
[Selenium Standalone Server](http://docs.seleniumhq.org/download/) then start
it (adjust the version):

```
$ java -jar selenium-server-standalone-2.48.2.jar
```

You may now start a session, which will launch a browser, and start interacting
with it:

```crystal
driver = Selenium::Webdriver.new

capabilities = {
  browserName: "firefox",
  platform: "ANY"
}
session = driver.create_session(capabilities)

session.url = "https://crystal-lang.org/api"
pp session.url # => "https://crystal-lang.org/api"

input = session.find_element("input[type=search]")
input.send_keys("Client")
```


## Reference

Webdriver JSON API: <https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/wiki/JsonWireProtocol>


## License

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)


## Author

- Julien Portalier — @ysbaddaden

Commit message:

Adds fix for selenium server and 'require' line
Added require line in the example (so no guessing is involved)
Added potential fix for potential "Error occurred during initialization of VM" selenium startup errors

README.md, after:

# Selenium::Webdriver

Selenium Webdriver bindings for the Crystal programming language.


## Usage

Only the Remote driver is available, so you need to download the release
[Selenium Standalone Server](http://docs.seleniumhq.org/download/) then start
it (adjust the version, and add `-mx<HEAP_SIZE>m` if required):

```
$ java -jar selenium-server-standalone-2.48.2.jar
```

You may now start a session, which will launch a browser, and start interacting
with it:

```crystal
require "selenium-webdriver/selenium"

driver = Selenium::Webdriver.new

capabilities = {
  browserName: "firefox",
  platform: "ANY"
}
session = driver.create_session(capabilities)

session.url = "https://crystal-lang.org/api"
pp session.url # => "https://crystal-lang.org/api"

input = session.find_element("input[type=search]")
input.send_keys("Client")
```


## Reference

Webdriver JSON API: <https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/wiki/JsonWireProtocol>


## License

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)


## Author

- Julien Portalier — @ysbaddaden
